docs: update docker installation guide (#1154)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/installation.md

## <a id="docker"></a>Run commands inside Docker

Redocly CLI is available as a pre-built Docker image in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/redocly/cli) and [GitHub Packages](https://github.com/Redocly/redocly-cli/pkgs/container/cli).

> If you have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed, pull the image with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) if you don't have it already, then pull the image with the following command:
```
